https://blogs.autodesk.com/autodesk-life/inside-autodesk/new-employee-experience/

Taking the plunge: Diving into a new career at Autodesk | Autodesk Life
Autodesk Life
Careers
Menu
All
Benefits
Culture
Diversity
Impact
Inside Autodesk
Search the blog
Submit Search
Taking the plunge: Diving into a new career at Autodesk
Dave Paczkowski
3 min read
Starting a new job can feel a lot like jumping out of an airplane at 15,000 feet – heart pounding, hands sweating, gazing upon a world of uncertainty. Just like a skydiver looking out of an open hatch, you stand at the edge of a thrilling new adventure as you join a new company.
I recently took the leap and joined Autodesk as a Senior People Business Partner (formerly known as HR Business Partner), where I work with leaders across the company’s Platform and Incubation teams. In my role, I help make sure our HR programs work well for employees, giving our leaders the support they need to get things done. (Just like a parachute instructor ensures a smooth landing, People Business Partners help leaders make informed decisions that lead to a smooth and successful outcome for Autodesk and our employees.)
Soaring into a new role
Like many, I had been on the market as a result of layoff activity in the San Francisco Bay Area. As I searched for new job opportunities, I knew I wanted to find an organization that really applied itself when it comes to creating a healthy culture and trust. Some companies say it, but rarely do they spend so much time reinforcing it and showing it through interactions and behaviors. When I saw the job opening at Autodesk and started to learn more about the company, I had a feeling they really “walked the talk.”
Even as I began my first interactions with the Talent Acquisition team, I knew something was different – I actually felt like I was important. Every call, email, and meeting happened as they were intended. I knew where I was in the process and information was always shared freely. I imagined this was the level of respect that would represent the employee experience. I was never out of the loop; I was always treated like I was already a member of the Autodesk team.
Once on board, this experience stayed the course.
Autodesk’s New Employee Orientation program
gave me the immediate opportunity to dive deep into all the resources and benefits available to employees. More importantly, it offered a cohort experience with other Autodeskers, which allowed me to see that I was not alone and already had an informal team to support my questions, relate to my confusion, and help accelerate my onboarding. The interactions during orientation were unique to my experience regarding how it created a team out of strangers in an authentic way – it never felt forced.
Clear skies ahead
Having worked in HR for more than 25 years, I’ve had a lot of different experiences at companies both in the United States and globally. While I’ve only been at Autodesk for a few weeks, I can already tell there are so many opportunities to do meaningful work, create relationships, and help accelerate the business. Not once during my time here so far have I felt like I don’t have a voice or an opportunity to contribute, ask questions, or learn. My team is not only knowledgeable and supportive, but they’re also engaging — and yes, fun!
For anyone else who is new to Autodesk or will be joining us soon, my advice would be to take a breath and go easy on yourself. Be ready to learn and feel OK that you don’t know everything — you’ll have support from your team to get where you need to be. There is a lot of new information and many new faces, but we have a lot of history here and people who have been here to help write it.
As you prepare to embark on your journey with Autodesk, remember that like a seasoned skydiver, you’re about to embrace the unknown with excitement. Know that the thrill of the dive is where you’ll discover your greatest potential – and soar to new heights.
Ready to make the jump to a new company?
Join us at Autodesk!
Tags and Categories
HR
NEO
Inside Autodesk
React
Helpful
Insightful
Thought provoking
7
11
Share
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on linkedin
Up Next
First day, lasting impression: How Autodesk’s employee onboarding program sets new Autodeskers up for success
Inside Autodesk
|
4 min read
Changing careers: From software engineering to talent acquisition
Inside Autodesk
|
2 min read
Celebrating our Talent Acquisition team on Global TA Day
Inside Autodesk
|
7 min read
Autodesk
Company overview
Careers
Investor relations
Autodesk Trust Center
Newsroom
Diversity and belonging
Autodesk Foundation
Sustainability
Contact us
Students and educators
Affiliate program
Autodesk Research
Design & Make with Autodesk
How to buy
View all products
Buying with Autodesk
Renewal options
Find a reseller
Sales and refunds
Choose your subscription plan
Pay as you go with Flex
Support
Product support
Manage your account
Download and install software
Autodesk Product Status
Education support
Contact support
Privacy
|
Do not sell or share my personal information
|
Cookie preferences
|
Report noncompliance
|
Terms of use
|
Legal
|
© 2024 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved