https://investors.autodesk.com/news-releases/news-release-details/autodesk-and-aveva-form-strategic-alliance-provide-extended

Autodesk and AVEVA Form Strategic Alliance to Provide Extended Design Software Solution for Plant Industries | Autodesk, Inc.
Skip to main navigation
Autodesk logo
Investor Relations
IR Nav
Company
Overview
Products
Corporate Profile
News
Research
Diversity & Inclusion
Support
Contact
News & Events
Press Releases
Events
Quarterly Earnings Reports
Investor Day Presentations
Financials
Quarterly Results
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Financial Statements
Stock Information
Stock Quote & Chart
Historical Price Lookup
Analyst Coverage
ESG
Sustainability
Corporate Governance
Management
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact IR
Email IR
Email Alerts
Contact Information
Keyboard
ALT + g
to toggle grid overlay
News Release
Autodesk and AVEVA Form Strategic Alliance to Provide Extended Design Software Solution for Plant Industries
Oct 14, 2003
Download PDF
Alliance Offers Plant Design Teams Enhanced Drafting and Documentation Capabilities in Multiple Areas
SAN RAFAEL, Calif. and CAMBRIDGE, England, Oct 14, 2003 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX/ -- -- Autodesk, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADSK), the world's leading digital, 3D software
company, and AVEVA (LSE: AVV), the leading supplier of engineering IT systems
for the offshore, process and energy industries, today announced a strategic
alliance. The alliance brings together AVEVA's leading data-centric plant
design management expertise with the superior drafting and documentation
capabilities of AutoCAD(R) 2004 software to create extended solutions for
larger process plant engineering teams.  This new solution will offer an
excellent migration path and clear future for users of leading legacy plant
design systems.
(Photo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000518/SFTH083LOGO )
The alliance integrates AVEVA's VANTAGE Plant Design Management System
(PDMS) and AutoCAD 2004, Autodesk's 2D drafting, detailing, and design tool
and flagship product.  The combined capabilities will enhance PDMS's automated
deliverable production with versatile post-processing, enhanced management,
and accelerated delivery of design documentation, ultimately eliminating
errors and reducing the time to plant start-up.
"AVEVA has been a supplier of engineering systems to AMEC for more than
20 years and Autodesk products have been widely used in our engineering
capabilities," said Steve Trench, manager of engineering for AMEC Group Ltd
Downstream Business, a leading international engineering services company.
"Bringing together the PDMS 3D design system and AutoCAD design software will
help us to improve the quality of our product deliverables for our clients,
through increased productivity and flexibility."
PDMS offers advanced, automated drawing production from a plant data model
in all leading industry drafting formats.  Using the AutoCAD 2004 product's
powerful detailing, annotation, sharing, and document management capabilities,
AVEVA will offer intelligent, AutoCAD-enhanced deliverables with tight
integration to the plant data model.  Other PDMS output formats will be
unaffected.  Autodesk is providing AVEVA with consulting, training, and
support through Autodesk Professional Services.
In addition, schematic design will be enhanced by adding the superior
drafting capabilities of AutoCAD 2004 to AVEVA's intelligent P&ID application.
AVEVA has extensive engineering domain experience in integrated 2D and 3D
workflow management, therefore the joint agreement will be able to offer
significant productivity increases in this fundamental area.
In addition, the joint development agreement offers the potential for
Autodesk and AVEVA to jointly develop integration of PDMS with Autodesk(R)
Architectural Desktop and Autodesk Inventor(R) software products to meet the
needs of enclosed process plant facilities for use by bio-pharmaceutical
companies, as well as tying together the overall plant design process to the
design of specialized process plant equipment and machinery.
Integrating for Increased Productivity
The process plant and power design software market is the third largest
design software market in the world with annual sales of software and services
forecasted at $479 million worldwide in 2003, according to Daratech, Inc.
AVEVA and Autodesk will work closely together in development, marketing, and
sales to bring this combination of best of breed technologies to this market.
"This is a monumental event for the process plant engineering IT industry
as a whole," said Richard Longdon, CEO, AVEVA Group.  "As the leaders in
data-centric plant design technology, we are extremely excited about an
alliance with the leaders in drawing-centric design technology.  The
cooperation between the best of each world brings a new level of productivity
to every aspect of the plant design industry.  We look forward to sharing this
productivity with our customers."
"Autodesk is committed to rounding out its solution offerings in the
process and energy industries," said John Sanders, vice president of
Autodesk's Platform Technology Division.  "Together with AVEVA, we are able to
expand our reach, offering a complete design solution for medium and large
process plant engineering and distributed design teams who are working on
complex projects."
About PDMS
VANTAGE Plant Design Management System (PDMS) is a data centric,
multi-disciplinary solution for 3D process plant design featuring applications
and reference data for every engineering discipline.  It differs from the
conventional 3D design approach in not requiring a drawing engine, but
producing graphics from a single, coherent data model of the entire plant.
First launched in 1976, PDMS's architecture was designed to evolve.  It has
been delivered on many leading operating systems -- the current release
represents the very latest design and business technology and complete
compatibility with previous versions.
About AVEVA Group plc
AVEVA Group plc is one of the world's leading lifecycle engineering IT
solutions and services providers to the process and power industries.
Formerly known as Cadcentre, the group has a history of groundbreaking
engineering IT innovation that spans five decades.  It is one of the world's
fastest growing solutions providers and the founder of most of today's
empirical engineering IT practices.
AVEVA Group plc operates globally through three divisions: AVEVA
Consulting, AVEVA Managed Services and AVEVA Engineering IT.  A fourth
division, AVEVA Solutions, is responsible for product development.  The
group's technology has been integral to the engineering process of industrial
plants with a value in excess of US$500 billion for more than 800 clients
across the globe, including leading plant owner/operators and engineering
contractors such as 3M, Aker Kvaerner, ALSTOM Power, BASF, DSME, Du Pont,
Electricite de France, Foster Wheeler, Hitachi, Kawasaki Heavy Industries,
KBR, Uhde, Merck, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Petronas Carigali, Samsung
Heavy Industries, and Shell.
About Autodesk
Autodesk is the world's leading design software and digital content
company, offering customers progressive business solutions through powerful
technology products and services.  Autodesk helps customers in the building,
manufacturing, infrastructure, digital media, and wireless data services
fields increase the value of their digital design data and improve
efficiencies across their entire project lifecycle management processes.
NOTE:  Autodesk, AutoCAD, Autodesk Inventor are registered trademarks of
Autodesk, Inc., in the USA and/or other countries. All other brand names,
product names, or trademarks belong to their respective holders.
Occasionally, Autodesk makes statements regarding planned or future
development efforts for our existing or new products and services.  These
statements are not intended to be a promise or guarantee of future delivery of
products, services, or features but merely reflect our current plans, which
may change.  The Company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements to reflect any change in circumstances, after the statements are
made.
CONTACT:  Dawn Van Osdell of Autodesk, +1-415-507-6554, or
dawn.van.osdell@autodesk.com; or Justin Roux of AVEVA, +44(0)1223-556655, or
Justin.Roux@aveva.com; or US AVEVA, Becky Stevens, +1-713-444-6860, or
becky.stevens@virtualmarketing-pr.com, for AVEVA.
SOURCE  Autodesk, Inc.
Dawn Van Osdell of Autodesk, +1-415-507-6554, or
dawn.van.osdell@autodesk.com; or Justin Roux of AVEVA, +44(0)1223-556655, or
Justin.Roux@aveva.com; or US AVEVA, Becky Stevens, +1-713-444-6860, or
becky.stevens@virtualmarketing-pr.com, for AVEVA
/Photo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000518/SFTH083LOGO
AP Archive:  http://photoarchive.ap.org
PRN Photo Desk, +1-888-776-6555 or +1-212-782-2840
http://www.autodesk.com
Social Nav
FOLLOW AUTODESK
Facebook
Instagram
Autodesk Twitter
IR Twitter
LinkedIn
All social media
Worldwide sites
Legal Nav
Privacy settings
|
Privacy/Cookies
|
About our Ads
|
Legal
|
Report Noncompliance
|
Site map
| © 2025 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved