https://investors.autodesk.com/news-releases/news-release-details/autodesk-and-aveva-form-strategic-alliance-provide-extended

Autodesk and AVEVA Form Strategic Alliance to Provide Extended Design Software Solution for Plant Industries | Autodesk, Inc.
Skip to main navigation
Autodesk logo
Investor Relations
IR Nav
Company
Overview
Products
Corporate Profile
News
Research
Diversity & Inclusion
Support
Contact
News & Events
Press Releases
Events
Quarterly Earnings Reports
Investor Day Presentations
Financials
Quarterly Results
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Financial Statements
Stock Information
Stock Quote & Chart
Historical Price Lookup
Analyst Coverage
ESG
Sustainability
Corporate Governance
Management
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact IR
Email IR
Email Alerts
Contact Information
Keyboard
ALT + g
to toggle grid overlay
News Release
Autodesk and AVEVA Form Strategic Alliance to Provide Extended Design Software Solution for Plant Industries
Oct 14, 2003
Download PDF
Alliance Offers Plant Design Teams Enhanced Drafting and Documentation Capabilities in Multiple Areas
SAN RAFAEL, Calif. and CAMBRIDGE, England, Oct 14, 2003 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX/ -- -- Autodesk, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADSK), the world's leading digital, 3D software
company, and AVEVA (LSE: AVV), the leading supplier of engineering IT systems
for the offshore, process and energy industries, today announced a strategic
alliance. The alliance brings together AVEVA's leading data-centric plant
design management expertise with the superior drafting and documentation
capabilities of AutoCAD(R) 2004 software to create extended solutions for
larger process plant engineering teams.  This new solution will offer an
excellent migration path and clear future for users of leading legacy plant
design systems.
(Photo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000518/SFTH083LOGO )
The alliance integrates AVEVA's VANTAGE Plant Design Management System
(PDMS) and AutoCAD 2004, Autodesk's 2D drafting, detailing, and design tool
and flagship product.  The combined capabilities will enhance PDMS's automated
deliverable production with versatile post-processing, enhanced management,
and accelerated delivery of design documentation, ultimately eliminating
errors and reducing the time to plant start-up.
"AVEVA has been a supplier of engineering systems to AMEC for more than
20 years and Autodesk products have been widely used in our engineering
capabilities," said Steve Trench, manager of engineering for AMEC Group Ltd
Downstream Business, a leading international engineering services company.
"Bringing together the PDMS 3D design system and AutoCAD design software will
help us to improve the quality of our product deliverables for our clients,
through increased productivity and flexibility."
PDMS offers advanced, automated drawing production from a plant data model
in all leading industry drafting formats.  Using the AutoCAD 2004 product's
powerful detailing, annotation, sharing, and document management capabilities,
AVEVA will offer intelligent, AutoCAD-enhanced deliverables with tight
integration to the plant data model.  Other PDMS output formats will be
unaffected.  Autodesk is providing AVEVA with consulting, training, and
support through Autodesk Professional Services.
In addition, schematic design will be enhanced by adding the superior
drafting capabilities of AutoCAD 2004 to AVEVA's intelligent P&ID application.
AVEVA has extensive engineering domain experience in integrated 2D and 3D
workflow management, therefore the joint agreement will be able to offer
significant productivity increases in this fundamental area.
In addition, the joint development agreement offers the potential for
Autodesk and AVEVA to jointly develop integration of PDMS with Autodesk(R)
Architectural Desktop and Autodesk Inventor(R) software products to meet the
needs of enclosed process plant facilities for use by bio-pharmaceutical
companies, as well as tying together the overall plant design process to the
design of specialized process plant equipment and machinery.
Integrating for Increased Productivity
The process plant and power design software market is the third largest
design software market in the world with annual sales of software and services
forecasted at $479 million worldwide in 2003, according to Daratech, Inc.
AVEVA and Autodesk will work closely together in development, marketing, and
sales to bring this combination of best of breed technologies to this market.
"This is a monumental event for the process plant engineering IT industry
as a whole," said Richard Longdon, CEO, AVEVA Group.  "As the leaders in
data-centric plant design technology, we are extremely excited about an
alliance with the leaders in drawing-centric design technology.  The
cooperation between the best of each world brings a new level of productivity
to every aspect of the plant design industry.  We look forward to sharing this
productivity with our customers."
"Autodesk is committed to rounding out its solution offerings in the
process and energy industries," said John Sanders, vice president of
Autodesk's Platform Technology Division.  "Together with AVEVA, we are able to
expand our reach, offering a complete design solution for medium and large
process plant engineering and distributed design teams who are working on
complex projects."
About PDMS
VANTAGE Plant Design Management System (PDMS) is a data centric,
multi-disciplinary solution for 3D process plant design featuring applications
and reference data for every engineering discipline.  It differs from the
conventional 3D design approach in not requiring a drawing engine, but
producing graphics from a single, coherent data model of the entire plant.
First launched in 1976, PDMS's architecture was designed to evolve.  It has
been delivered on many leading operating systems -- the current release
represents the very latest design and business technology and complete
compatibility with previous versions.
About AVEVA Group plc
AVEVA Group plc is one of the world's leading lifecycle engineering IT
solutions and services providers to the process and power industries.
Formerly known as Cadcentre, the group has a history of groundbreaking
engineering IT innovation that spans five decades.  It is one of the world's
fastest growing solutions providers and the founder of most of today's
empirical engineering IT practices.
AVEVA Group plc operates globally through three divisions: AVEVA
Consulting, AVEVA Managed Services and AVEVA Engineering IT.  A fourth
division, AVEVA Solutions, is responsible for product development.  The
group's technology has been integral to the engineering process of industrial
plants with a value in excess of US$500 billion for more than 800 clients
across the globe, including leading plant owner/operators and engineering
contractors such as 3M, Aker Kvaerner, ALSTOM Power, BASF, DSME, Du Pont,
Electricite de France, Foster Wheeler, Hitachi, Kawasaki Heavy Industries,
KBR, Uhde, Merck, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Petronas Carigali, Samsung
Heavy Industries, and Shell.
About Autodesk
Autodesk is the world's leading design software and digital content
company, offering customers progressive business solutions through powerful
technology products and services.  Autodesk helps customers in the building,
manufacturing, infrastructure, digital media, and wireless data services
fields increase the value of their digital design data and improve
efficiencies across their entire project lifecycle management processes.
NOTE:  Autodesk, AutoCAD, Autodesk Inventor are registered trademarks of
Autodesk, Inc., in the USA and/or other countries. All other brand names,
product names, or trademarks belong to their respective holders.
Occasionally, Autodesk makes statements regarding planned or future
development efforts for our existing or new products and services.  These
statements are not intended to be a promise or guarantee of future delivery of
products, services, or features but merely reflect our current plans, which
may change.  The Company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements to reflect any change in circumstances, after the statements are
made.
CONTACT:  Dawn Van Osdell of Autodesk, +1-415-507-6554, or
dawn.van.osdell@autodesk.com; or Justin Roux of AVEVA, +44(0)1223-556655, or
Justin.Roux@aveva.com; or US AVEVA, Becky Stevens, +1-713-444-6860, or
becky.stevens@virtualmarketing-pr.com, for AVEVA.
SOURCE  Autodesk, Inc.
Dawn Van Osdell of Autodesk, +1-415-507-6554, or
dawn.van.osdell@autodesk.com; or Justin Roux of AVEVA, +44(0)1223-556655, or
Justin.Roux@aveva.com; or US AVEVA, Becky Stevens, +1-713-444-6860, or
becky.stevens@virtualmarketing-pr.com, for AVEVA
/Photo:  http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20000518/SFTH083LOGO
AP Archive:  http://photoarchive.ap.org
PRN Photo Desk, +1-888-776-6555 or +1-212-782-2840
http://www.autodesk.com
Social Nav
FOLLOW AUTODESK
Facebook
Instagram
Autodesk Twitter
IR Twitter
LinkedIn
All social media
Worldwide sites
Legal Nav
Privacy settings
|
Privacy/Cookies
|
About our Ads
|
Legal
|
Report Noncompliance
|
Site map
| © 2025 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved
______
icon-svg-close-thick
Cookie preferences
Your privacy is important to us and so is an optimal experience. To help us customize information and build applications, we collect data about your use of this site.
May we collect and use your data?
Learn more about the
Third Party Services
we use and our
Privacy Statement
.
YES TO ALL
NO TO ALL
Strictly necessary – required for our site to work and to provide services to you
These cookies allow us to record your preferences or login information, respond to your requests or fulfill items in your shopping cart.
YES
Improve your experience – allows us to show you what is relevant to you
These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we use to deliver information and experiences tailored to you. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not be available for you.
YES
NO
Customize your advertising – permits us to offer targeted advertising to you
These cookies collect data about you based on your activities and interests in order to show you relevant ads and to track effectiveness. By collecting this data, the ads you see will be more tailored to your interests. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
YES
NO
icon-svg-close-thick
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Learn more about the Third-Party Services we use in each category, and how we use the data we collect from you online.
icon-svg-hide-thick
icon-svg-show-thick
Strictly necessary – required for our site to work and to provide services to you
Qualtrics
We use Qualtrics to let you give us feedback via surveys or online forms. You may be randomly selected to participate in a survey, or you can actively decide to give us feedback. We collect data to better understand what actions you took before filling out a survey. This helps us troubleshoot issues you may have experienced.
Qualtrics Privacy Policy
Akamai mPulse
We use Akamai mPulse to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Akamai mPulse Privacy Policy
Digital River
We use Digital River to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Digital River Privacy Policy
Dynatrace
We use Dynatrace to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Dynatrace Privacy Policy
Khoros
We use Khoros to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Khoros Privacy Policy
Launch Darkly
We use Launch Darkly to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Launch Darkly Privacy Policy
New Relic
We use New Relic to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
New Relic Privacy Policy
Salesforce Live Agent
We use Salesforce Live Agent to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Salesforce Live Agent Privacy Policy
Wistia
We use Wistia to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Wistia Privacy Policy
Tealium
We use Tealium to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Tealium Privacy Policy
Upsellit
We use Upsellit to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Upsellit Privacy Policy
CJ Affiliates
We use CJ Affiliates to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
CJ Affiliates Privacy Policy
Commission Factory
We use Commission Factory to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Commission Factory Privacy Policy
Google Analytics (Strictly Necessary)
We use Google Analytics (Strictly Necessary) to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Google Analytics (Strictly Necessary) Privacy Policy
Typepad Stats
We use Typepad Stats to collect data about your behaviour on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our platform to provide the most relevant content. This allows us to enhance your overall user experience.
Typepad Stats Privacy Policy
Geo Targetly
We use Geo Targetly to direct website visitors to the most appropriate web page and/or serve tailored content based on their location. Geo Targetly uses the IP address of a website visitor to determine the approximate location of the visitor’s device. This helps ensure that the visitor views content in their (most likely) local language.
Geo Targetly Privacy Policy
SpeedCurve
We use SpeedCurve to monitor and measure the performance of your website experience by measuring web page load times as well as the responsiveness of subsequent elements such as images, scripts, and text.
SpeedCurve Privacy Policy
Qualified
Qualified is the Autodesk Live Chat agent platform. This platform provides services to allow our customers to communicate in real-time with Autodesk support. We may collect unique ID for specific browser sessions during a chat.
Qualified Privacy Policy
icon-svg-hide-thick
icon-svg-show-thick
Improve your experience – allows us to show you what is relevant to you
Google Optimize
We use Google Optimize to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes.
Google Optimize Privacy Policy
ClickTale
We use ClickTale to better understand where you may encounter difficulties with our sites. We use session recording to help us see how you interact with our sites, including any elements on our pages. Your Personally Identifiable Information is masked and is not collected.
ClickTale Privacy Policy
OneSignal
We use OneSignal to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by OneSignal. Ads are based on both OneSignal data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that OneSignal has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to OneSignal to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
OneSignal Privacy Policy
Optimizely
We use Optimizely to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes.
Optimizely Privacy Policy
Amplitude
We use Amplitude to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes.
Amplitude Privacy Policy
Snowplow
We use Snowplow to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Snowplow Privacy Policy
UserVoice
We use UserVoice to collect data about your behaviour on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our platform to provide the most relevant content. This allows us to enhance your overall user experience.
UserVoice Privacy Policy
Clearbit
Clearbit allows real-time data enrichment to provide a personalized and relevant experience to our customers.  The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID.
Clearbit Privacy Policy
YouTube
YouTube is a video sharing platform which allows users to view and share embedded videos on our websites. YouTube provides viewership metrics on video performance.
YouTube Privacy Policy
icon-svg-hide-thick
icon-svg-show-thick
Customize your advertising – permits us to offer targeted advertising to you
Adobe Analytics
We use Adobe Analytics to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Adobe Analytics Privacy Policy
Google Analytics (Web Analytics)
We use Google Analytics (Web Analytics) to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales.
Google Analytics (Web Analytics) Privacy Policy
AdWords
We use AdWords to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by AdWords. Ads are based on both AdWords data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that AdWords has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to AdWords to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
AdWords Privacy Policy
Marketo
We use Marketo to send you more timely and relevant email content. To do this, we collect data about your online behavior and your interaction with the emails we send. Data collected may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, email open rates, links clicked, and others. We may combine this data with data collected from other sources to offer you improved sales or customer service experiences, as well as more relevant content based on advanced analytics processing.
Marketo Privacy Policy
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Doubleclick. Ads are based on both Doubleclick data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Doubleclick has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Doubleclick to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Doubleclick Privacy Policy
HubSpot
We use HubSpot to send you more timely and relevant email content. To do this, we collect data about your online behavior and your interaction with the emails we send. Data collected may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, email open rates, links clicked, and others.
HubSpot Privacy Policy
Twitter
We use Twitter to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Twitter. Ads are based on both Twitter data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Twitter has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Twitter to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook
We use Facebook to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Facebook. Ads are based on both Facebook data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Facebook has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Facebook to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Facebook Privacy Policy
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by LinkedIn. Ads are based on both LinkedIn data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that LinkedIn has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to LinkedIn to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
Yahoo! Japan
We use Yahoo! Japan to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Yahoo! Japan. Ads are based on both Yahoo! Japan data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Yahoo! Japan has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Yahoo! Japan to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Yahoo! Japan Privacy Policy
Naver
We use Naver to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Naver. Ads are based on both Naver data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Naver has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Naver to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Naver Privacy Policy
Quantcast
We use Quantcast to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Quantcast. Ads are based on both Quantcast data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Quantcast has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Quantcast to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Quantcast Privacy Policy
Call Tracking
We use Call Tracking to provide customized phone numbers for our campaigns. This gives you faster access to our agents and helps us more accurately evaluate our performance. We may collect data about your behavior on our sites based on the phone number provided.
Call Tracking Privacy Policy
Wunderkind
We use Wunderkind to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Wunderkind. Ads are based on both Wunderkind data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Wunderkind has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Wunderkind to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Wunderkind Privacy Policy
ADC Media
We use ADC Media to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by ADC Media. Ads are based on both ADC Media data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that ADC Media has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to ADC Media to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
ADC Media Privacy Policy
AgrantSEM
We use AgrantSEM to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by AgrantSEM. Ads are based on both AgrantSEM data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that AgrantSEM has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to AgrantSEM to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
AgrantSEM Privacy Policy
Bidtellect
We use Bidtellect to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Bidtellect. Ads are based on both Bidtellect data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Bidtellect has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Bidtellect to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Bidtellect Privacy Policy
Bing
We use Bing to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Bing. Ads are based on both Bing data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Bing has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Bing to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Bing Privacy Policy
G2Crowd
We use G2Crowd to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by G2Crowd. Ads are based on both G2Crowd data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that G2Crowd has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to G2Crowd to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
G2Crowd Privacy Policy
NMPI Display
We use NMPI Display to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by NMPI Display. Ads are based on both NMPI Display data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that NMPI Display has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to NMPI Display to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
NMPI Display Privacy Policy
VK
We use VK to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by VK. Ads are based on both VK data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that VK has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to VK to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
VK Privacy Policy
Adobe Target
We use Adobe Target to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes.
Adobe Target Privacy Policy
Google Analytics (Advertising)
We use Google Analytics (Advertising) to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Google Analytics (Advertising). Ads are based on both Google Analytics (Advertising) data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Google Analytics (Advertising) has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Google Analytics (Advertising) to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Google Analytics (Advertising) Privacy Policy
Trendkite
We use Trendkite to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Trendkite. Ads are based on both Trendkite data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Trendkite has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Trendkite to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Trendkite Privacy Policy
Hotjar
We use Hotjar to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Hotjar. Ads are based on both Hotjar data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Hotjar has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Hotjar to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Hotjar Privacy Policy
6 Sense
We use 6 Sense to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by 6 Sense. Ads are based on both 6 Sense data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that 6 Sense has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to 6 Sense to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
6 Sense Privacy Policy
Terminus
We use Terminus to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Terminus. Ads are based on both Terminus data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Terminus has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Terminus to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
Terminus Privacy Policy
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by StackAdapt. Ads are based on both StackAdapt data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that StackAdapt has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to StackAdapt to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
StackAdapt Privacy Policy
The Trade Desk
We use The Trade Desk to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by The Trade Desk. Ads are based on both The Trade Desk data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that The Trade Desk has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to The Trade Desk to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
The Trade Desk Privacy Policy
RollWorks
We use RollWorks to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by RollWorks. Ads are based on both RollWorks data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that RollWorks has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to RollWorks to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads.
RollWorks Privacy Policy
Autodesk logo
Are you sure you want a less customized experience?
We can access your data only if you select "yes" for the categories on the previous screen. This lets us tailor our marketing so that it's more relevant for you. You can change your settings at any time by visiting our
privacy statement
Review settings
icon-svg-arrow-button
CONTINUE TO SITE
icon-svg-arrow-button
Your experience. Your choice.
We care about your privacy. The data we collect helps us understand how you use our products, what information you might be interested in, and what we can improve to make your engagement with Autodesk more rewarding.
May we collect and use your data to tailor your experience?
Explore the benefits of a customized experience by managing your
privacy settings
for this site or visit our
Privacy Statement
to learn more about your options.
YES
icon-svg-arrow-button
Decline
icon-svg-arrow-button