https://investors.autodesk.com/news-releases/news-release-details/pathtrace-marks-productive-autodesk-partnership-new-software

Pathtrace Marks Productive Autodesk Partnership With New Software Capabilities | Autodesk, Inc.
Skip to main navigation
Autodesk logo
Investor Relations
IR Nav
Company
Overview
Products
Corporate Profile
News
Research
Diversity & Inclusion
Support
Contact
News & Events
Press Releases
Events
Quarterly Earnings Reports
Investor Day Presentations
Financials
Quarterly Results
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Financial Statements
Stock Information
Stock Quote & Chart
Historical Price Lookup
Analyst Coverage
ESG
Sustainability
Corporate Governance
Management
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact IR
Email IR
Email Alerts
Contact Information
Keyboard
ALT + g
to toggle grid overlay
News Release
Pathtrace Marks Productive Autodesk Partnership With New Software Capabilities
Mar 15, 2005
Download PDF
EdgeCAM Software Fully Supports Autodesk's Industry-Leading 3D Mechanical                              Design Software
SOUTHFIELD, Mich., March 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Marking its
nine-year alliance with Autodesk, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADSK), Pathtrace today
announced that EdgeCAM Version 9.5 fully supports Autodesk Inventor(R) 10
mechanical design software and provides true data integrity and
model-to-toolpath associativity.  The newest version of EdgeCAM from
Pathtrace, Autodesk's Global Preferred CAM Partner, introduces new
functionality and ease-of-use, including loading native Autodesk Inventor
assemblies (*.iam) directly into EdgeCAM.
As an Autodesk Global Preferred CAM Partner, Pathtrace and Autodesk
development teams work closely to ensure the highest level of interoperability
between EdgeCAM and Autodesk Inventor software.  EdgeCAM Solid Machinist
respects project paths and sub-assemblies and complies with Autodesk data
management rules.  The partnership between Autodesk and Pathtrace provides
joint customers with a complete design, data management and CAM solution to
reduce manufacturing time, cut costs while reducing scrap, and increase
profitable machine time.
Steve Sivitter, CEO for Pathtrace, said, "By integrating our software with
the latest release of Autodesk Inventor, we are offering customers a fully
associative CAM solution that addresses the major manufacturing disciplines,
and enables them to bring their products to market faster."
The CAM standard in intelligent solids-based manufacturing, EdgeCAM offers
superior integration, associativity and machining functionality to any other
system currently available.
"Autodesk's partnership with Pathtrace is important to our commitment to
help customers create, manage and share design and product data to realize
ideas and get the right designs done more quickly," said Robert Kross, vice
president of Autodesk's Manufacturing Solutions Division.  "Our applications'
interoperability further enhances Autodesk Inventor functional design
capabilities that allow engineers to focus on how end products work instead of
how to use software to design them."
Joint Customers Benefit from Partnership
Joint customers such as Tonnard Manufacturing in Corry, Pennsylvania,
benefit from the long-standing partnership.  Short production runs, frequently
for prototypes, predominate Tonnard's workload, and short-run form tooling has
been a Tonnard specialty for decades.
Most form tools at Tonnard -- and every tool machined on the company's
Haas machines -- are designed in Autodesk Inventor.  "Every short-run job
seems to come down to the cost of tooling that will be used to make just a few
hundred or a few thousand parts. EdgeCAM's interoperability with Autodesk
Inventor lets us set up machining quickly, and was a leading reason for our
software choice," said Aaron Harwood, programming manager for Tonnard.
Tonnard finds the combination of Haas machines, EdgeCAM and Autodesk
Inventor contribute to its competitive advantage, and help keep manufacturing
in the United States.
"Using EdgeCAM, Autodesk Inventor, and the Haas machines allows us to take
on tougher jobs," said Horwood.  "Customers prefer to deal with us for their
smaller production runs and they want us to take on some pretty difficult
jobs.  So the more complex tool that we can make, the more complex part we can
make, and the more we can do to serve our customers."
Horwood said, "Having accounts with large customers is great, but you
better have a strong list of small customers too.  EdgeCAM, Autodesk Inventor,
and Haas help us get them, and keep them."
About Autodesk
Autodesk, Inc. is wholly focused on ensuring that great ideas are turned
into reality. With six million users, Autodesk is the world's leading software
and services company for the building, manufacturing, infrastructure, digital
media and wireless data services fields. Autodesk's solutions help customers
create, manage and share their digital assets more effectively. As a result,
customers turn ideas into competitive advantage by becoming more productive,
streamlining project efficiency and maximizing profits.
Founded in 1982, Autodesk is headquartered in San Rafael, California. For
additional information about Autodesk, please visit www.autodesk.com.
The Autodesk Developer Network (ADN) is comprised of more than
2,500 technology partners around the world, that extend Autodesk solutions to
meet the industry-specific needs of customers.  New compatible applications
from ADN partners are launched every day at:
www.autodesk.com/partnerproducts.
About Pathtrace
Pathtrace Engineering Systems is the developer of EdgeCAM, an extremely
powerful but easy-to-use software solution devoted to automating the process
of NC programming for metal cutting machine tools.  Offices are established in
the UK, USA, China and Japan, complementing a worldwide network of resellers.
For information about Pathtrace and EdgeCAM, please visit our website
www.edgecam.com.  EdgeCAM is Windows 2000 and XP compliant and has over
32,000 users worldwide.
CONTACT:  Tracy Affleck of Pathtrace Systems, Inc., +1-248-356-8800, or
taffleck@pathtrace.com.
SOURCE  Autodesk, Inc.
03/15/2005
CONTACT:  Tracy Affleck of Pathtrace Systems, Inc., +1-248-356-8800, or
taffleck@pathtrace.com
Web site:  http://www.autodesk.com
Web site:  http://www.edgecam.com
Social Nav
FOLLOW AUTODESK
Facebook
Instagram
Autodesk Twitter
IR Twitter
LinkedIn
All social media
Worldwide sites
Legal Nav
Privacy settings
|
Privacy/Cookies
|
About our Ads
|
Legal
|
Report Noncompliance
|
Site map
| © 2025 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved