https://www.esri.com/en-us/about/partners/our-partners/strategic-alliances/autodesk/overview

Esri & Autodesk | Collaboration Connects GIS and BIM
Esri and Autodesk
Strategic Alliance
Unifying GIS and BIM to transform workflows and build a better future
Coming soon
Esri’s ArcGIS and Autodesk Forma deepen integration
Design with location in mind
With authoritative geographic data from Esri’s ArcGIS in Autodesk Forma you will be able to:
Bring spatial context earlier in the design process.
Better support architecture and design communities.
Add contextual geographic data for buildings, zoning, roads, property boundaries, imagery and more.
Get notified about the release
Enrich design and build projects with real-world context
GIS and BIM integration
Esri has partnered with Autodesk, a global leader in design and engineering software, to unite two powerful technologies: geographic information system (GIS) technology and BIM.
Esri’s leading GIS platform, ArcGIS, puts BIM assets in the context of geography, transforming project design, delivery, and management across the AEC, water, transportation, and utility industries.
Bring spatial data into your designs
Connect natural and built environments and add demographics to create a holistic and dynamic view of your project.
Evaluate outcomes before breaking ground
Test and model designs to understand impacts on people and places without real-world risk.
Increase project resiliency and sustainability
Track and manage assets, resources, and materials to reduce waste, cost, and environmental impact.
Get started with BIM and CAD in ArcGIS
Rich visualizations enhance understanding
Viewing above and belowground infrastructure with smart maps and digital models provides an intuitive way to understand projects, such as the Grand Paris Express, throughout its life cycle.
Building a more resilient future, together
Find out how Esri and Autodesk are pioneering progress across infrastructure projects.
Featured
Autodesk and Esri alliance
Plan, design, build, and operate better
ArcGIS GeoBIM
ArcGIS GeoBIM connects the Esri and Autodesk cloud platforms in a single web app, reducing complex data handling and file conversion.
HDR: Thinking “3D First”
At HDR, visualizing complex 3D BIM data in GIS maps increases engagement with stakeholders and speeds up decision-making.
VolkerWessels: Innovating with GIS and BIM
VolkerWessels integrates BIM and GIS to exchange data, collaborate with stakeholders, and improve efficiency.
Arcadis: Using GIS and BIM to connect teams
Arcadis advances digital engineering for large-scale projects with BIM and GIS.
Previous
Next
What firms are saying about Esri and Autodesk
HDR
HNTB
It's an exciting time for the AEC industry as Esri and Autodesk's partnership deepens the integration of GIS and BIM. This alliance breaks traditional barriers, offering first-of-its-kind integration of Esri's global spatial analytics and Autodesk's infrastructure design tools. Together, they are revealing unparalleled possibilities, helping to redefine what is possible and enhancing the digital future of the AEC industry.
Cameron Schaefer
Transportation Digital Delivery and Data Acquisition Director
The Esri and Autodesk partnership equips designers of tomorrow's communities with capabilities that focus on integrating authoritative data critically important to our industry’s digital transformation. Project foundations built with GIS and BIM accelerate collaboration, streamline quality, and reduce design revisions. Integration without translation is here, and we’re embracing it fully.
Darin Welch
Associate VP and HNTB Associate Fellow, Digital Transformation Solutions Director
GIS & BIM Integration for Sustainable AEC Industry Practices
An Esri and Autodesk ebook
Learn how projects at Los Angeles International Airport, Norwegian Railway, Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District, and more integrated GIS and BIM across project life cycles to:
Improve data accuracy and collaboration
Speed up plan approvals and permitting
Reduce material usage and construction costs
Download the ebook
Explore the geography-driven power of ArcGIS
ArcGIS equips design and build professionals with world-leading tools for creating, managing, analyzing, mapping, and sharing data. Discover a few ways it can transform your workflows.
3D GIS
Gain greater insights and understanding with realistic visualizations, advanced analytics, and immersive experiences of built and natural environments.
Learn about 3D GIS
Imagery and remote sensing
Turn drone, aerial, and satellite imagery into geospatially-accurate BIM models. Get fast, precise insights for shared operational awareness and smart project delivery.
Learn about imagery and remote sensing
Field operations
Improve coordination, efficiency, and accuracy in the field. Ensure consistent data between on-site and office teams, reduce errors, and boost productivity using specialized mobile apps and tools.
Learn about field operations
Digital twins
Understand complex systems and make informed decisions with geospatial digital twins. Visualize and manage construction projects in 5D with time and cost dimensions.
Learn about digital twins
Previous
Next
Show More
Contact sales
Speak with a representative.
1-800-447-9778
7:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday (PT)
Outside the US
Chat now
Start a conversation online.
Send a message
Get an email response.
Get help and technical support
Customer service
Technical support
Training
opens in new window