https://brand.autodesk.com/co-branding/

Co-branding | Autodesk Brand Hub
Co-branding - Autodesk Brand Hub
Skip to content
Autodesk Brand Hub
Sign in
Brand Hub
Brand voice
Voice and story
Our persona
Our brand principles
Our brand voice
Principles in practice
Voice mechanics
Vocabulary
Voice in action: examples
Editorial style guide
Brand system
Design principles
Logo
Tagline
Logo system
Color
Typography
Brand images
Photography
Brand in action
Branded merchandise
Campaigns
Digital experiences
Events
Video
Co-branding
Co-branding
Co-branding
This guide is for Autodesk-approved value added resellers (VARs), value added distributors (VADs), training centers, and developers to ensure the Autodesk brand is accurately and consistently portrayed in all your communications. All other co-branding relationships, including endorsements, must be approved by Autodesk Public Relations and Legal.
Autodesk values our partnership with you. We encourage you to communicate your relationship with Autodesk in all marketing materials that promote Autodesk products and related services.
Interested in pursuing a partnership with Autodesk?
Learn more
.
Brand elements
Our brand voice and brand system help communicate who Autodesk is as a company and are essential to designing consistent and cohesive experiences. The following resources provide guidance on our verbal and visual elements and overall dos and don’ts.
Brand voice
Autodesk’s brand voice embodies our story, our persona, and our brand principles. It’s not just how we talk. It’s who we are.
Brand system
Our brand system is a collection of visual elements that work together to help express our story and distinguish our brand.
Color
Full details on our color system, including primary, detail, and accent colors.
Typography
Usage details, downloads, and installation tips for Autodesk Artifakt.
Brand imagery
Details on our brand imagery, which serve as backdrops to brand-level assets and experiences.
Photography
General best practices and direct Partner DAM links to photography assets.
Co-sponsorship
When Autodesk and its strategic partners are co-sponsoring an event or activity, each logo should have equal weight and be separated with a vertical or horizontal rule.
When Autodesk and a VAR, VAD, or Learning Partner are co-sponsoring an event, the guidance is the same: the Partner’s own logo, not the Autodesk Partner logo, should be used.
Partner logos
Value Added Resellers (VARs), Value Added Distributors (VADs), and Learning Partners—collectively referred to here as Partners—are an essential part of Autodesk’s business. To communicate this relationship, we have created logos that identify Partners’ relationship with Autodesk. These logos are intended for eligible Partners only, and we encourage you to use them in all marketing materials that promote Autodesk products and related services.
Autodesk Partner logo
All Partners—VARs, VADs, Learning Partners, etc.—are provided with the
Autodesk Partner logo
, which consists of the partner type or tier.
Autodesk Partner logos are one-color, in black or white, for print production or embroidery, or over color or images where legibility is a challenge.
Autodesk VAR specialization logo
VARs can promote their expertise by augmenting their Autodesk Partner logo with their specialization, certification, service designations, and anniversary badge to create a
stacked configuration
.
Autodesk Partner logos are available on
One Team Source
. VARs will create their own stacked logos with their specialization, certification, and service designations using the
VAR Stacked Logo Templates
. See the
VAR logo FAQ
for instructions. (All links require access.)
Logos are provided in two formats—EPS and PNG—and three different color profiles.  For full color screen or print applications, use the black logo with gray rules pictured above.
One-color black logo
One-color white logo
Logos are additionally available as one color, in black or white, for print production or embroidery or when placed over color or images where legibility is a challenge.
The logos are additionally available in black with gray rules for full-color screen or print applications.
VARs should use the Autodesk Partner logo where more discreet co-branding is called for (such as on event graphics and ad banners) and the stacked configuration where featuring the complete list of specializations and services is desirable (such as in email marketing and websites). Examples of which logo to use are shown in the Partner marketing examples section.
Logo sizing and clear space
Logos can be resized as needed. When resizing for screen use, always scale the EPS version of the logo file, then resave it as a PNG at the size you need. Proportions should remain the same. Do not scale to a size that compromises legibility.
Scale proportionally.
Follow
Autodesk clear space guidance
.
Logo guidance
Acceptable uses
Use the black logo over light color.
Use the white logo over dark color.
Use the black logo over a light image.
Use the white logo over a dark image.
Use the black logo with gray rules over light backgrounds.
Prohibited uses
Do not feature the black logo with gray rules on a background color that would compromise its legibility.
Do not feature the black logo with gray rules on a background image.
Do not stretch or affect the shape of the logo.
Never typeset the logo.
Never stylize logos using drop shadows or blurring effects.
Partner marketing examples
The examples that follow provide creative direction for Partner co-branding. As a VAR, a VAD managing resellers, or an Autodesk Learning Partner, you have two different options for co-branding:
Option 1—Autodesk affiliated
This option demonstrates the minimum implementation of Autodesk Partner logos to communicate your relationship with Autodesk.
Option 2—Autodesk branded
This option is for Partners adopting the look and feel of the Autodesk brand.
In any assets or templates provided by Autodesk, you must add your own company logo and your Autodesk Partner logo or VAR stacked logo where indicated.
Partners should use the Autodesk Partner logo where more discreet co-branding is called for, such as on event graphics and ad banners. VARs may use the stacked configuration where featuring the complete list of specializations and services is desirable, such as in email marketing and websites.
If you have questions or concerns not covered here, contact your local Channel Marketing Manager.
Display ad banners
Examples of display ads. As space is restricted, VARs should use the Autodesk Partner logo and not the stacked configuration.
Autodesk affiliated
Preferred placement of your Autodesk Partner logo is in the lower-left corner or lower-right corner.
Autodesk branded
See more examples of Autodesk display ads
here
.
Email marketing
When designing email marketing, be sure that you follow the most current rules and language required in your region, including all privacy and opt-out regulations and necessary links in your email footers. Remember that your subject lines must always be clear and not misleading.
Autodesk affiliated
In a Partner’s own email design, the preferred placement of Autodesk Partner logos is in the lower-left or lower-right corner.
Autodesk branded
When using an Autodesk-provided email template, partners must add their Autodesk Partner logo. VARs may use the stacked configuration.
When creating a marketing email with a product focus or product content, product names should be typeset. Hero images may be used in headers or sections, and the product’s assigned color may be used in the header’s CTA button.
Events
Examples of co-branded booths and pop-up banners.
Autodesk affiliated
Preferred placement of the Autodesk Partner logo on booth signage or banners is in the upper-left corner or upper-right corner.
Autodesk branded
Partners can pair their own logo and Autodesk partner logo with Autodesk imagery, the Artifakt font, and accent colors to create Autodesk-branded booth graphics or banners. See
Events
for more guidance.
Merchandise
Co-branding on merchandise should only feature the Autodesk Partner logo, never the VAR stacked configuration.
Choice of merchandise should follow considerations outlined in
Branded Merchandise
including sustainability, recyclability, and diverse suppliers.
Autodesk Partner logos should be positioned in a way that simply and elegantly communicates the relationship between brands.
VARs should not use the stacked logo on merchandise.
Do not create merchandise exclusively featuring Autodesk Partner logos. Merchandise must feature both the Partner’s logo and the Autodesk Partner logo.
Presentations
A
co-branded presentation
template is available to download from the Partner DAM (access required). As co-branded presentations will be most likely shared on systems where our corporate typeface Artifakt is not installed, this template uses our system font, Arial. Do not use Artifakt when adding text to your presentation.
Autodesk affiliated
In a Partner’s own template, the preferred placement of the Autodesk Partner logo on the cover title slide is in the lower-left or lower-right corner.
Autodesk branded
The
co-branded presentation template
uses Autodesk brand imagery and includes space for the Partner’s own logo and the Autodesk Partner logo.
On end slides, Autodesk Partner logos should appear in a way that simply and clearly communicates the relationship between brands.
Autodesk Partner logo
End slide treatment with Autodesk partner logo.
VAR stacked logo
End slide treatment with VAR stacked logo.
Print ads
When creating print ads, the Autodesk Partner logo is preferred. VARs may use their stacked logo if desirable for the ad’s audience.
Autodesk affiliated
Preferred placement of your Autodesk Partner logo is in the upper-right corner.
Autodesk branded
Preferred placement of your Autodesk partner logo is in the lower-right corner.
Video
Intellectual property guidelines restrict Partners from editing or altering Autodesk-owned videos to include Partner logos, branding, etc. It is permissible, however, for Partners to share unaltered Autodesk-owned videos externally.
In Partner-owned videos, Autodesk Partner logos should appear in a way that simply and clearly communicates the relationship between brands. Logo end frames are appropriate places to handle co-branding.
Autodesk Partner logo
Logo end frame treatment with Autodesk partner logo.
VAR stacked logo
Logo end frame treatment with VAR stacked logo.
Websites
When co-branding your Autodesk webpage, display your Autodesk Partner logo. VARs may consider using their specializations and value added services on secondary pages that are focused on a particular industry or service.
Autodesk affiliated
Preferred placement of your Autodesk Partner logo is in the upper-right corner.
Autodesk branded
Your own logo and the Autodesk partner logo can be paired with a strong Autodesk-branded image.
Partner resources
Here is a list of resources to help you access the appropriate Partner logo, additional assets, and more information on who to contact with questions.
Partner logos
Autodesk Partner logos are available on
One Team Source.
(Access required.)
VARs can add their various specialization and service designations to their Autodesk Partner logo by using the
VAR Stacked Logo Templates
. For any questions about co-branding, email
partner.marketing@autodesk.com
.
Partner DAM
Autodesk’s Digital Asset Management system, the
Partner DAM
(access required), is Autodesk’s library of approved branding and marketing assets.  To access, log in using your Autodesk SSO credentials. Or, from within Partner Center, under “Resources,” select
Partner DAM
.
The DAM is accessible only to Autodesk employees and Autodesk’s agencies, resellers, distributors, and other select partners. Autodesk Partners’ agencies are not allowed access. For questions, contact your local Channel Marketing Manager.
One Team Source (OTS)
Partners can find sales-related information and assets on our sales enablement solution,
One Team Source
(access required).
Contact us
For questions related to our Brand guidelines, usage, or concerns not covered here, contact your local Channel Marketing Manager.
Learn more about Autodesk
Find out more about who we are and what we do.
Find out how Autodesk customers are redefining what’s possible.
Learn about becoming an Autodesk Partner.
Some footer content
Privacy settings
Privacy statement
© 2025 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved.